I'm a scientist an assistant what does
that mean exactly it means I research
and filter ideas for the scientists I
work for his name dr. Albert W Wiley OBE
PhD but I just call him crazy uncle al
nepotism rocks what do you need a job in
the evil mad scientist field however
crazy uncle al doesn't have the highest
success rate the problem with your
plants being foiled all the time is that
your imagination well dries up a bit
when it comes to designing so it's my
job to interview young scientists and
get ideas for new robot masters and then
basically we steal them now my office
isn't much it's basically just a garage
we need to keep a low profile to prevent
our enemies and law enforcement from
finding our location so what have you
got for us today okay so you know how
androids have a problem working in
extreme high temperatures they don't but
go on say hello to the fiberglass
insulation man uses the sheets of the
wall insulation to observe room
temperature so only overheating the
circuitry of your foes as well as
simultaneously reducing the cost of your
home heating bills yeah assuming that
works and it won't at all when upping
the temperature just cause a robot
master himself to overheat I haven't
thought of that what if we are used
asbestos no going off of the health risk
angle and we could call them asbestos
pad yeah we're fighting androids there
are no health risks and besides didn't
moreville already do asbestos man mmm
it's a stupid idea I know next picture
this mailman he's exactly like cop man
except instead of scissors he attacks
you with his arsenal of envelopes to
give you paper cuts cuz you know those
hurt more anyway also he can order
anything he wants online and get it in
four to six business days almost dr.
wily wants to overnight it you didn't
even design a robot master I don't know
how to draw oh but I do have this
reference photo of herb the mailman he's
nearing retirement it's not that
gasoline in here that's the lawnmower
next
introducing invisible man it's blank
precisely your enemies will never know
what hit them you can't defend against
what you can't see what's more fearful
than what you can't see you're a con
artist aren't you know why would you say
that because you brought a blank board
claiming to have invented an invisible
robot master without one mention of a
cloaking device what's a cloaking device
my point exactly worth a shot I once
sold an air guitar on ebay box included
get out really I did no I mean get out
of the office it's a garage just leave
remember fireman this guy's just as good
smoldering irons for hands irons for
feet and his head is an iron too cuz you
know why not let me guess his name is on
one our dry cleaning man why didn't you
just name a meijer because due to the
strongly worded cease and desist my
preferred name was not available even
though this concept represents iron so
much better than the other one so your
idea is to iron out our enemies well the
starch may inadvertently short out their
circuits and he will clean and press
your clothes in one hour or your money
back why not let's say attack him with
all the irons and you know burn him well
because he he obeys asimov's three laws
of robotics you bought a robot master
for the purpose of being evil and
programmed it to refrain from being evil
we need robot masters who can attack be
evil as well as occasionally performed
household chores and genuine services I
failed out of evil engineering school
apparently be ver a vibram man this evil
robot create super sonic vibrations his
lair is a rocky mountain side as your
enemies makes their way in he because
the supersonic vibration crumbling the
rocks from the cave dwelling stealing
and crashing your enemies now we're
talking how does it do that then he uses
his 12 inch gold semi konikov rod and in
ferrets it into the ground spot if
you're calling it the diametric
infrasonic and loom destabilization also
later it has three settings so he
yes so it may take a vile to find the
grounds but they work of the
interruption while penetrating then the
task is complete the energy pack will
secrete a wider lubricant preventing
around damaged can we please find a
different way to describe it I'm being
as direct with you as possible and this
method works I've tried it out many
times on myself I was leaving to
wrecking anything there are technical
enhancements that have been made for
instance the oscillator can be rigged to
help in stimulating the reaction I don't
know what to say some interesting
candidates today usually I take the
concepts and present them to dr. wily
but I saw some follow-up research to do
you ready to test the prototype of vibro
man be right there ok so this job
doesn't entirely suck
thank you everybody for watching we'd
like to thank matt steph and rob from
nerve vs. geek we'd like to thank chris
barley for his illustrations you can
check out his link follow us on twitter
like us on facebook and please subscribe
see you next time yeah thank you it's
cold beautiful suck it up